docs: Improve documentation for resource-service (#7765)
keptn/keptn: resource-service/README.md

# Resource Service :: The New Configuration Service

The *resource-service* is a Keptn core component used to manage resources for Keptn project-related entities,

> i.e., project, stage, and service. The entity model is shown below. To store the resources with version control, a git

Reviewer: Minor thing, but could you please change `git` to `Git` (search-replace in the entire document)

> i.e., project, stage, and service. The entity model is shown below. To store the resources with version control, a git

Reviewer 2: Do you mean i.e. here or e.g.?  In other words, are these the specific entities for which can manage resources (which is what i.e. means) or that these are examples of entities?

Author: These are all specific entities that the resource-service handles and not examples

   |          |           |          |           |          |
   ------------           ------------           ------------
```

## Installation

The *resource-service* replaces the *configuration-service*, hence only one of the two can be run at the same time.
The *resource-service* can be enabled during the installation of Keptn setting the Helm value `control-plane.resourceService.enabled` to `true`.
This flag changes the *configuration-service* `Service` to point towards the *resource-service* `Pod`.
When the resource-service is enabled by default, the Kubernetes `Service` will change name to `resource-service`.

### Deploy it directly into your Kubernetes cluster

To deploy the current version of the *resource-service* in your Keptn Kubernetes cluster,
use the file `deploy/service.yaml` from this repository and apply it.

```console
kubectl apply -f deploy/service.yaml
```

### Delete it from your Kubernetes cluster

To delete a deployed *resource-service*, use the file `deploy/service.yaml` from this repository
and delete the Kubernetes resources:

```console
kubectl delete -f deploy/service.yaml
```

## Migration from the configuration-service

> Before migrating from the *configuration-service* to the *resource-service* it is recommended to (i) attach an upstream to your Keptn projects and (ii) do a [backup](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/operate/backup_and_restore/#back-up-configuration-service). If you set an upstream for all your Keptn projects, no additional steps are required.

Reviewer: ... it is recommended to ...

shouldn`t it be 

.. it is required to ... ?

Author: Both setting the upstream and doing the backup are not strictly mandatory

> Suppose you need the additional features provided by the *resource-service*,  such as HTTPS/SSH or Proxy, to configure your Keptn project with an upstream. In that case,

Reviewer: Can you please change this paragraph to a listing:
* step 1
* step 2
* ...

------------          ------------          ------------
  1 \                   1  \                   1  \
     \ *                    \ *                    \ *
   ------------           ------------           ------------
   |          |           |          |           |          |
   | Resource |           | Resource |           | Resource |
   |          |           |          |           |          |
   ------------           ------------           ------------
```

## Installation

The *resource-service* replaces the *configuration-service*, hence only one of the two can be run at the same time.
The *resource-service* can be enabled during the installation of Keptn setting the Helm value `control-plane.resourceService.enabled` to `true`.
This flag changes the *configuration-service* `Service` to point towards the *resource-service* `Pod`.

> When the resource-service is enabled by default, the Kubernetes `Service` will change name to `resource-service`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the resource-service is enabled by default, the Kubernetes `Service` name changes to `resource-service`.

```

### Deploy it directly into your Kubernetes cluster

To deploy the current version of the *resource-service* in your Keptn Kubernetes cluster,
use the file `deploy/service.yaml` from this repository and apply it.

```console
kubectl apply -f deploy/service.yaml
```

### Delete it from your Kubernetes cluster

To delete a deployed *resource-service*, use the file `deploy/service.yaml` from this repository
and delete the Kubernetes resources:

```console
kubectl delete -f deploy/service.yaml
```

## Migration from the configuration-service

Before migrating from the *configuration-service* to the *resource-service* it is recommended to (i) attach an upstream to your Keptn projects and (ii) do a [backup](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/operate/backup_and_restore/#back-up-configuration-service). If you set an upstream for all your Keptn projects, no additional steps are required.

Suppose you need the additional features provided by the *resource-service*,  such as HTTPS/SSH or Proxy, to configure your Keptn project with an upstream. In that case,
you can also deploy the *resource-service* and configure the Git repositories later. For this, a backup is necessary.

> 1. Do a backup of the [configuration-service](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/operate/backup_and_restore/#back-up-configuration-service).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Back up the [configuration-service](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/operate/backup_and_restore/#back-up-configuration-service).

```
